src/data/bundles/Default_JaneDoe@example.com-24080101000000/nutrients/Sources.md, before:


TASK: quick list, merge in activity tree


Common
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietary_Reference_Value

### Nutrients (has some missing)

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Nutrients
- https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kategorie:N%C3%A4hrstoff

### Essential

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutrient#Essential_nutrients
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Essential_nutrients


Priority: Scientists
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://bryanjohnson.com
- https://fastlifehacks.com
- ...


Basic
----------------------------------------------------------

Simple: AI

Please list all nutrients (vitamins, minerals, fatty acids, amino acids, types of carbs, secondary plant substances e.g. polyphenols) that are in [FOOD] with the typical amount per 100g as yaml using the keys: "fattyAcids", "carbs", "aminoAcids", "vitamins", "minerals", "secondary".

Also gibe me the amount of fibre per 100g.
```

- DE

  - https://www.dge.de/wissenschaft/referenzwerte
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr/#c2965

- WHO

  - https://www.who.int/health-topics/nutrition#tab=tab_1

- EU

  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/de/topics/topic/dietary-reference-values
    - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-05/ul-summary-report.pdf
  - https://www.eufic.org/de/wissenschaft-verstehen/artikel/referenzwerte-fuer-die-naehrstoffzufuhr-referenzwerte-fuer-wen

Commit message:

Source for nutrients per food

src/data/bundles/Default_JaneDoe@example.com-24080101000000/nutrients/Sources.md, after:


TASK: quick list, merge in activity tree


Common
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietary_Reference_Value

### Nutrients (has some missing)

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Nutrients
- https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kategorie:N%C3%A4hrstoff

### Essential

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutrient#Essential_nutrients
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Essential_nutrients


Priority: Scientists
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://bryanjohnson.com
- https://fastlifehacks.com
- ...


Nutrients
----------------------------------------------------------


- DE

  - https://www.dge.de/wissenschaft/referenzwerte
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr/#c2965

- WHO

  - https://www.who.int/health-topics/nutrition#tab=tab_1

- EU

  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/de/topics/topic/dietary-reference-values
    - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-05/ul-summary-report.pdf
  - https://www.eufic.org/de/wissenschaft-verstehen/artikel/referenzwerte-fuer-die-naehrstoffzufuhr-referenzwerte-fuer-wen


Food
----------------------------------------------------------

- Simple: AI

  ```
  Please list all nutrients (vitamins, minerals, fatty acids, amino acids, types of carbs, secondary plant substances e.g. polyphenols) that are in [FOOD] with the typical amount per 100g as yaml using the keys: "fattyAcids", "carbs", "aminoAcids", "vitamins", "minerals", "secondary".

  Also give me the amount of fibre per 100g.
  ```

- just ggl "nutrients in broccoli" => grid with nutrients (source: usda)
  - https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/food-search?query=&type=Foundation
  - https://www.nutritionvalue.org
