src/data/Sources.md, before:


TASK: quick list, merge in activity tree


Common
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietary_Reference_Value

### Nutrients (has some missing)

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Nutrients
- https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kategorie:N%C3%A4hrstoff

### Essential

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutrient#Essential_nutrients
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Essential_nutrients


Priority: Scientists
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://bryanjohnson.com
- https://fastlifehacks.com
- ...


Basic
----------------------------------------------------------

- DE
  
  - https://www.dge.de/wissenschaft/referenzwerte
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr/#c2965
  - https://www.blsdb.de

- EU

  - https://www.eurofir.org

  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/de/topics/topic/dietary-reference-values
    - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-05/ul-summary-report.pdf
  - https://www.eufic.org/de/wissenschaft-verstehen/artikel/referenzwerte-fuer-die-naehrstoffzufuhr-referenzwerte-fuer-wen

- WHO

  - https://www.who.int/health-topics/nutrition#tab=tab_1

- Community

  - https://de.openfoodfacts.org

- Misc (companies)

  - Ask AI or google per food => more precise articles
  - https://www.codecheck.info
  - https://www.yazio.com/de/kalorientabelle (looks less precise)
    - some data is made by users


Food
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/food-search?query=&type=Foundation
  - just ggl "nutrients in broccoli" => grid with nutrients (source: usda)
  - same data: https://www.nutritionvalue.org
- more sources by AI
  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/data-report/food-composition-data
  - https://www.food.gov.uk
  - NIH (National Institutes of Health) Dietary Supplement Label Database https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/daf/
  - Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics resources
  - Open Food Facts

Commit message:

Google deep research nutrient sources

src/data/Sources.md, after:


- TASK: add new from deep research

  - Bundeslebensmittelschlüssel - BLS (paied only)
  - UK's National Diet and Nutrition Survey (NDNS) Data and Composition of Foods Integrated Dataset (CoFID)
  - Nutrient Data from Scientific Publications and Reputable Nutrition Research Institutions
    - Food and Nutrition Board (of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine)
    - Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center (BHNRC) (within the USDA)
    - Tufts University's Human Nutrition Research Center
    - Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
    - Harvard School of Public Health ("The Nutrition Source" website)
    - Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) (of the United Nations)

  - Best: USDA or books (UK unseen)

- TASK: merge in activity tree

AI
----------------------------------------------------------

I am making a app for counting nutrients and for this I need nutrient data per food (e.g. broccoli) with all minerals, vitamins, fatty acids, carbs, amino acids, and so on... The problem is that online sources that I found so far seem to have gaps in the data. For example a food has data for minerals, but vitamins are missing. Which is the best source with the largest food database and most relyable nurtient data that I should be using? Beside web sites consider all possible media types (e.g. books)


Common
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dietary_Reference_Value

### Nutrients (has some missing)

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Nutrients
- https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kategorie:N%C3%A4hrstoff

### Essential

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutrient#Essential_nutrients
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Essential_nutrients


Priority: Scientists
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://bryanjohnson.com
- https://fastlifehacks.com
- ...


Basic
----------------------------------------------------------

- DE
  
  - https://www.dge.de/wissenschaft/referenzwerte
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr
  - https://www.dge.de/gesunde-ernaehrung/faq/energiezufuhr/#c2965
  - https://www.blsdb.de

- EU

  - https://www.eurofir.org

  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/de/topics/topic/dietary-reference-values
    - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/sites/default/files/2024-05/ul-summary-report.pdf
  - https://www.eufic.org/de/wissenschaft-verstehen/artikel/referenzwerte-fuer-die-naehrstoffzufuhr-referenzwerte-fuer-wen

- WHO

  - https://www.who.int/health-topics/nutrition#tab=tab_1

- Community

  - https://de.openfoodfacts.org

- Misc (companies)

  - Ask AI or google per food => more precise articles
  - https://www.codecheck.info
  - https://www.yazio.com/de/kalorientabelle (looks less precise)
    - some data is made by users


Food
----------------------------------------------------------

- https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/food-search?query=&type=Foundation
  - just ggl "nutrients in broccoli" => grid with nutrients (source: usda)
  - same data: https://www.nutritionvalue.org
- more sources by AI
  - https://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/data-report/food-composition-data
  - https://www.food.gov.uk
  - NIH (National Institutes of Health) Dietary Supplement Label Database https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/daf/
  - Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics resources
  - Open Food Facts
